“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
“I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.”
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.”
“Get busy living or get busy dying.”
Learning never exhausts the mind.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Fearlessness is like a muscle. I know from my own life that the more I exercise it the more natural it becomes to not let my fears run me.”
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
If you’re hurt, lick your wounds and get up again. If you’ve given it your absolute best, it’s time to move forward.
If you’re changing the world, you’re working on important things. You’re excited to get up in the morning.
Some people are worth melting for.
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
Nervous means you want to play. Scared means you don't want to play.”
But that's the thing about basketball: you don't play games on paper.
“Concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory.
“If you can DREAM, you can DO it.
“Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
I may be kindly, I am ordinarily gentle, but in my line of business I am obliged to will terribly what I will at all.”
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life”
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible’!”
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn’t learn something from him”
Great events make me quiet and calm; it is only trifles that irritate my nerves.”
Being ignorant is not so much a shame as being unwilling to learn.
I attribute my success to this – I never gave or took any excuse.
You cannot live your life to please others. The choice must be yours.
There should be no boundaries to human endeavor. We are all different. However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. While there’s life, there is hope.”
Don’t tell me I can’t do it; don’t tell me it can’t be done!”
“Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for it.”
Every man’s life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
I’ve learned that making a living is not the same thing as making a life.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.”
 Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
 Success is most often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.”
 I  refuse to accept other people’s ideas of happiness for me. As if there’s a one size fits all standard for happiness.
 There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.”
 I am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. It’s because of them I’m doing it myself.”
  “If you don’t build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.
  Don’t be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
  Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
  Life is being on the wire, everything else is just waiting.
  Pearls don’t lie on the seashore. If you want one, you must dive for it.”
  The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
  It is never too late to be what you might have been.
  The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
  You can’t outwit fate by standing on the sidelines placing little side bets about the outcome of life. Either you wade in and risk everything you have to play the game or you don’t play at all. And if you don’t play you can’t win.
  Always go with your passions. Never ask yourself if it’s realistic or not.
  Often the difference between a successful person and a failure is not one has better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to bet on one’s ideas, to take a calculated risk and to act.
  “If things seem under control, you are just not going fast enough.
  You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something; your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
  Every man dies, but not every man really lives.”
  Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. |